[3007.x] Add Linode Networking Interfaces Support in Salt-Cloud (#65914)
saltstack/salt: doc/topics/cloud/linode.rst

        **(optional)** The amount of disk space to allocate for the swap partition. Defaults to ``256``.

    ``interfaces``
        **(Optional)** A list of networking interfaces to be attached to the Linode instance.
        attribute of each interface includes ``purpose``, ``ipam_address``, ``label``, ``ipv4``, ``primary``,
        and ``subnet_id``.

        ``purpose`` is required for all types of interface, allowed values: ``public``, ``vlan``, and ``vpc``.

        ``primary`` is a boolean that whether the interface is configured as the default route to the Linode.
        Can't be ``true`` for VLAN interface

        ``ipam_address`` and ``label`` are only allowed for a VLAN interface, and ``label`` is required for a
        VLAN interface.

        ``subnet_id`` and ``ipv4`` are only allowed for a VPC interface, and ``subnet_id`` is required for a
        VPC interface.

        ``ipv4`` is an object with two attributes, ``nat_1_1`` and ``vpc``; ``vpc`` is the VPC Subnet IPv4
        address for this Interface, and ``nat_1_1`` is the 1:1 NAT IPv4 address, used to associate a public
        IPv4 address with the VPC Subnet IPv4 address assigned to this Interface.

>         You can checkout the `interfaces schema on Linode API documentation`_ for details of behaviors of

Reviewer: nitpick 🙂 
```suggestion
        You can check out the `interfaces schema on Linode API documentation`_ for details on the behaviors of
```

Author: Thank you for the suggestion!
